; AvAP AASL.0R.23
| dp leu,
Vew York, N.r. August 293,1651.

=xma. Senhoru
pigira Vargas Co Amaral Peixoto,
Palacio Inga, Niteroi, Brazil.

“ PN

Madame:

Pedro tells me that he is returning to Brazil at the ené
of the week. I therefore avail myself of the opportunity of
glvins you some information re, ardins the Cement Plant Project
in vhier you und the Dovernsro have teca sn kinãá asto extend
so much intercst. “arly in the week I callec on the Exrort-
Import Bank in “ashington where I found a very friendly atmos-
phere. I was informed that the Eoarc of the Bank hag reviewed
the cata presented in June anê requested the usual Getailed
information regardins projects given favoraLle attention. I
thercfore feel that we are over the rurêcle and may exrect fa-
vorable final considerution after the review of the Cata to Le
furnished as requesteê, which wi:l be done rromptly.

I regret that I am unable to say that the matter is
completed since yot ané the Governor have been so generous in
suprorting it and extenãing your corfidence in Mr. Halliburton
and the writer. I may say that Mr. Halliburton's atility to
manage other large enterprises under his direction, as shown
by the reports published,has been a most important factor in
securing favorable attention to this project where others have
been rejected in the prelimirary stage. I consider it a very
favorable indication that full copies of these reports have
been requested. If you will have just a little more patience
I feel that it will be rewarded. Mr. Halliburton has secured
a most capratle cement engineer to munage the project, who is
now working on tie final details to be presented.

Mr. Halliburton is also asking Pedro to give the Gov-
ernor a letter siving detailed information of just what he has
in mind to put the Macabú project in operation promptly, which
we hope, tozether with the information giving ?edro in conver-
sations, will clear up the matter anã give the Governor a full
prderstanding of it.

Mr. Halliburton has taken a rest during the present
month. He will return to the Unitcd States aLout the enc of
the month. He is very anxious to return to Brazil as soon as
possible and wishes to bring with him an engineer experienced
in such work, to expedite the project. I can assure you that
his keén inferest in both projects continues.

I avail myself of the opportunity to express to you
and to the Governor the aprreciation which both Mr. Halliburton
have for the frank and generous suprort and confidence extended
to us as weil as the courtesies you have shown. “ith my best
wishes for success and s90d nealtii to you both aná to your dis-
tinguisheê father, I Leg to remain,

 
 
 
 

respectfully,
